Added text on Certificate Revocation Checks (#3)
thomas-fossati/draft-tls13-iot: draft-ietf-uta-tls13-iot-profile.md

# Certificate Revocation Checks

> The considerations in Section 4.4.3 of {{!RFC7925}} hold. 

Reviewer: I'd drop this now that we have all the concept so well articulated.

Author: I think it is OK to still leave this in there. We are essentially confirming what we said previously and refine it.

Reviewer: OK.  It doesn't look like it's in the right position then.  It should sit at the end of the nice rationale you have provided.  I think we can reflow this section at another time though, it's just a matter of style.

Since the publication of 

> RFC 7925 the need for firmware update mechanisms has been reinforced and the work

Reviewer: ```suggestion
{{RFC7925}} the need for firmware update mechanisms has been reinforced and the work
```

Author: I didn't want to use a reference here again because we already did so in the previous paragraph

Reviewer: Makes sense.  I thought of dropping this comment myself.

on standardizing a secure and interoperable firmware update mechanism has made 
substantial progress, see {{?I-D.ietf-suit-architecture}}. RFC 7925 recommends to use 

> a software / firmware update mechanism to provision devices with a new trust anchors. 

Reviewer: either _"a new trust anchor"_ or _"new trust anchors"_

Author: ```suggestion
a software / firmware update mechanism to provision devices with new trust anchors. 
```

The use of device management protocols for IoT devices, which often include an onboarding 

> or bootstrapping mechanism, has also seen a tremendous uptake in deployed devices and 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
or bootstrapping mechanism, has also seen considerable uptake in deployed devices and 
```

It'd be nice to have a reference for this claim.

these protocols, some of which are standardized, allow provision of certificates on a 
regular basis. This enables a deployment model where IoT device utilize end-entity 
certificates with shorter lifetime making certificate revocation protocols, like OCSP 

> and CRLs, less usefuless.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
and CRLs, less relevant.
```
